"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Nelson Mandela
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -Walt Disney
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma – which is living with the results of other people's thinking." -Steve Jobs
"If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." -Oprah Winfrey
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." -James Cameron
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." -John Lennon
"Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier." -Mother Teresa
"When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on." -Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." -Margaret Mead
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." -Robert Louis Stevenson
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." -Benjamin Franklin
"The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched — they must be felt with the heart." -Helen Keller
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." -Aristotle
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." -Anne Frank
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated." -Maya Angelou
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." -Nelson Mandela
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." -Abraham Lincoln
"Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game." -Babe Ruth
"Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." -Helen Keller
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -Thomas A. Edison
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." -Dr. Seuss
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." -Wayne Gretzky
"Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you're right." -Henry Ford
"I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." -Rosa Parks
"I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the water to create many ripples." -Mother Teresa
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, ‘I'm possible!'" -Audrey Hepburn
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." -Ayn Rand
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." -Lao Tzu
“If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.”  -Tony Robbins
"I failed my way to success." -Thomas Edison
"If you set your goals ridiculously high and it's a failure, you will fail above everyone else's success." -James Cameron
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." -Ayn Rand
"Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." -George Addair
"I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear." -Rosa Parks
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." -Les Brown
"First, have a definite, clear practical ideal; a goal, an objective. Second, have the necessary means to achieve your ends; wisdom, money, materials, and methods. Third, adjust all your means to that end." -Aristotle
"Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning." -Gloria Steinem
"If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough." -Oprah Winfrey
"If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on." -Sheryl Sandberg
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So, throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover." -Mark Twain
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." -Henry Ford
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." -Confucius